Hi, Walker.
In this video, I want to show you a bit of a view of the e-commerce application.
If you didn't try this course.
Okay.
Now, when do you use your first visit or application?
This is going to be the first page.
This is going to see they can choose to slide this way or you will nest or you will skip.
Okay.
They're just going to go back to the first page and skip again.
You can see we are saying something else and now the user can choose to sign in using a variety of ways.
They can choose to sign in with Google, sign in as a guest or sign up.
They can pick an image from gallery.
Yeah.
And.
Okay.
It's going to take you a few minutes, okay?
We're just gonna go to my dials.
And she this.
And then we can feel this.
Okay.
Since our idea of an account is no, go to the login.
We can even choose to.
We set our password in case we forgot it.
Okay.
Now I'm just going to log in.
I think have.
This.
And.
Passwords is this.
Okay.
Well, again.
There's a little user record corresponding to this identifier.
Okay.
I think.
I see.
Okay.
I think I made a mistake.
Then we can click on logging.
Okay, great.
Now you can see this is our list of products.
Every little product over here and as well what this feels.
We can search.
We can.
Consequently, we don't have any item in our cards.
And this is my profile.
Go see the profile image, the email address, the user name, the phone number and so on.
We can also choose to upload products.
Okay.
And we have various categories, default categories, all useful separately displayed.
We also have the closed categories.
All the cuts, all the clothes are displayed.
And.
We also have the shoes categories.
You can add up as many category as you want.
Okay.
For the now, we're just having three categories.
The first category, the clothes categories.
The shoes, the categories.
Okay.
Now we can click on any of those products.
And we can go back with this.
Okay.
And you can see the name of the product and the description of the product.
You can click on Add to Cart.
You can see it currently.
It is an it is a cart that we can then go to carts.
You can see it over here.
We can.
Did it commence?
We can as well.
Decrementals.
Okay.
Incremental increment and decrement decrements.
You can see the two surprise as well is 49 and over, which is equivalent.
You can see it is now 90 hits.
Okay.
We can also remove this item from our cards.
We can also had multiple item.
Okay.
We can have this.
We can as well hard this.
Okay.
This is just $5,000.
Also we can add this phone.
Okay.
Now you can see this gradient in.
Now let's go to our cards.
Okay.
You're going to see the view, right?
And it's a surprise.
It's five stars of war.
I'll do that for tonight.
Right.
Okay.
Now currently please note there is no payment method, but if you want to have what we can, then I
can then make a video on how to integrate this tri payment gateway or pay for what is currently holding
now.
We don't have a commitment for this app, so you know, that's the order for this products.
All we just have to do is to click on checkout.
Okay.
You can see it's got displayed over here.
Right.
Okay.
You can see.
Great.
Okay.
Now we're going to go back to the well later, then we can.
Then go to my mother's.
Okay.
You can see what we just ordered, right?
But you can see what you just ordered.
We can have orders for Law Order.
You can see what's about to get deleted in as well.
Will this remove this and we will this.
Okay, great.
Now, like I said, currently we don't have any permit made site for this.
But if you want to have one, we can then.
Make a video that I can then make a video on that for you on how to integrate this, try to meet all
the people.
But for now, we don't have.
Currently we are using the firebase.
What if you also want to then not to use a custom plan?
I can also make a video on that for you.
But currently this is.
Basically is we can go to the category to hot item.
Okay.
You can see currently we have it in cards, right, because we recently had that.
So that's okay.
I'm just going to remove it from my cards.
Okay.
Go to cards and did it this.
Then I can add it from the category.
Okay.
You're going to see is will be available now the prices on the dollar cards.
Great.
Now we have it over here.
Right.
I can choose to increase the price and just get rid of this.
Okay.
So you think.
And.
Cards.
Okay, I can see.
I want to.
But see you can see it goes towards two on the.
The next week or check out you can see two very.
Okay.
The price on the dollar, the product ID, the quantity to the name of the product is technical trouble.
And the user, Heidi, writes, and as all we can.
Offload products.
Okay.
I can't say the price is 50.
Sorry.
No, the product is Gucci.
Who's she?
And the prize is maybe 79 to I hear it is going to go $70 and we can applaud.
From Gallery.
It can look like this is an uploaded product and we can see that a category.
There's going to be two calls.
Category and brand is going to go just for the discussion or you're going to type some two over to show
you your callers will applaud products.
Then we can click on.
The quantity.
We have serious stock.
You can click on upload.
Okay.
Okay because it's been uploaded via you can go check products.
Now let's go back to the home screen.
Okay.
You can see it over here.
Right.
Okay.
Just the title, the description.
We just had it.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
Waiting to see you in the course.